Hello friends In this video let us understand how to
avoid the recomputation  issue
In the previous video we have discussed about dynamic programming
approaches and the recomputation issues
In the top-down approach, we can avoid the
recomputation issue using MEMORISATION to avoid the  recomputation issue
we need to store the result of subproblems in
the separate memory so that when we face the same
subproblem again we need not solve them again
Instead we can reuse the already solve result
This is called Memorisation
Let us understand that by solving the same Nth Fibonacci
problem using a top-down approach with an array additional
memory
To find the fourth Fibonacci number locate five memories Lots
as we know the base case fib(0) is 0 and
fib(1) is 1  so stores 0 and 1
in the memory
The idea here is before making any recursive  call
check if it is already solved in the memory
If it is solve just returned
The result otherwise initiate the recursive call to solve the
sub problem
So fib(0) and fib(1) are stored
here now Fib(2) will be calculated which is
fib(0) plus fib(1) now fib(0)
and fib(1) are bass cases and are
already stored in the array so fib(2) will be
calculated which is zero plus one equal to one and
it will be stored in the array now fib(3) will be
calculated
It is not stored in the array so computed that is
fib(2) plus fib(1)
that is one plus one equals 2 So
fib(3) equal to  two at it will be stored in
the Array now fib(2) should be calculated and when
it is checked in the array it is already computed and
stored in the array so it is only a matter of
returning it from there
We do not need to call fib(0) and
one recursively so the repeated work is not
occurring here
Now fib(4) should be calculated and it is not
already stored in the so computed that is fib(3)
plus fib(2)
that is two plus one equal to three
and it will be stored
This is how memorization avoids the recomputation of same
subproblem in the top-down  approach